h1. An extendable autolinking library

Under the impression that it is nearly impossible to write a robust autolinker without parsing the input text to a dom tree, i've written an autolinker that uses "Jsoup":http://jsoup.org/ to build trees and proccess them in a way that new types of links can easily be added. 

The core service of this project is the _AutoLinkService_ which uses several _AutoLinkers_ to add links to arbitrary text. 3 autolinkers (URLs, E-Mail adresses and Twitter Handles) are build in.

Since version 0.1.1 this project is Java 8 *only*.

The project is a ready to use configured maven project and has nearly 100% test coverage.

h2. Usage

h3. Standalone

<pre><code lang="java">
public static void main(String... args) {
	// Instantiate AutoLinkService using all available autolinkers
	final AutoLinkService autoLinkService = new AutoLinkService(Arrays.asList(
		new EmailAddressAutoLinker(true, true),
		new TwitterUserAutoLinker(),
		new UrlAutoLinker(30)
	));
	// Autolink stuff
	System.out.println(autoLinkService.addLinks("Maybe there's a link http://michael-simons.eu to @rotnroll666", Optional.empty()));
}
</code></pre>

or have a look at the test code. 

The _AutoLinkService_  can be easily registered as a

h3. As a Spring bean

<pre><code lang="java">
@Bean
public AutoLinkService autoLinkService(
  @Value("${dailyfratze.emailAddressAutoLinker.hexEncodeEmailAddress:true}") boolean hexEncodeEmailAddress,
  @Value("${dailyfratze.emailAddressAutoLinker.obfuscateEmailAddress:true}") boolean obfuscateEmailAddress,
  @Value("${dailyfratze.urlAutoLinker.maxLabelLength:30}") int maxLabelLength	    
) {
  return new AutoLinkService(Arrays.asList(
  		new EmailAddressAutoLinker(hexEncodeEmailAddress, obfuscateEmailAddress),
  		new TwitterUserAutoLinker(),
  		new UrlAutoLinker(maxLabelLength)		
  ));
}
</code></pre>

I assume you know what you're doing with Spring, so i don't explain that further.

Enjoy and if you find that library usefull, drop me a line or star it. Thanks.